[FERN] I have a teacher,
and it's Mistress Frieren.
c0000001
-[SERIE] You pass.
-[yawning]
c0000002
[SERIE] Next.
c0000003
[SERIE]
Denken the Imperial Mage.
c0000004
I know all about you.
c0000005
I am honored to hear it,
Mistress Serie.
c0000006
[SERIE] A self-made man who got
his start in the military,
c0000007
then rose to be
the most influential mage
c0000008
in all the northern lands.
c0000009
You're the subject
of many an inspiring tale.
c0000010
To tell you the truth,
c0000011
I wish that I'd met you
when you were still young.
c0000012
Still full of energy
and ambition,
c0000013
your passion burning bright.
c0000014
[water splattering]
c0000015
I have no interest
in a great flame's cinders.
c0000016
At least that's
what I believed.
c0000017
And do you believe
differently, now?
c0000018
Perhaps.
c0000019
When you first walked in,
c0000020
you considered how
you would fight me.
c0000021
[DENKEN] I did,
but only for a moment.
c0000022
I quickly abandoned that idea.
c0000023
The fire remains.
c0000024
And so, you pass.
c0000025
Most people
are too afraid to fight me
c0000026
even in their heads.
c0000027
Next.
c0000028
♪
c0000029
You've passed the test.
c0000030
Hm? I'm pretty sure
interviews require words.
c0000031
[SERIE] Were you hoping
for conversation?
c0000032
[chuckles]
c0000033
I know when to quit.
c0000034
Next.
c0000035
♪
c0000036
Young man, is this a joke?
c0000037
Pardon?
c0000038
You're taking
the first-class mage exam.
c0000039
You really couldn't be
bothered to set foot
c0000040
on the testing grounds?
c0000041
As you can see,
c0000042
the real me has made
an appearance
c0000043
in case that is a requirement
for passing.
c0000044
I'm not so easily deceived.
c0000045
Your actual body
never left your hometown.
c0000046
I hope you're enjoying
that cup of tea.
c0000047
♪
c0000048
How impressive.
c0000049
Not even Ubel realized it.
c0000050
You have tremendous nerve.
c0000051
You pass.
c0000052
Next.
c0000053
♪
c0000054
[SERIE] You're Wirbel,
c0000055
captain of
the Northern Magic Corps.
c0000056
Of all the second-class mages
I know,
c0000057
you are by far
the most skilled in combat.
c0000058
[chuckles]
c0000059
[SERIE] In a single look,
c0000060
you realized a battle
with me would be pointless.
c0000061
But that wasn't a judgment
made out of fear.
c0000062
If I were the type
to pick fights I can't win,
c0000063
I wouldn't have even
made it to second class.
c0000064
That's a good point.
c0000065
What's your favorite spell?
c0000066
[WIRBEL] Spells aren't to be
liked or disliked.
c0000067
Magic's a tool for killing.
c0000068
[chuckles]
c0000069
You have passed.
c0000070
Next.
c0000071
♪
c0000072
Tell me.
c0000073
What did you think
when you saw me?
c0000074
[gasps]
c0000075
[METHODE] Well, um,
c0000076
I thought you were very small
and very adorable?
c0000077
[SERIE] This year's test-takers
c0000078
are a different breed
all together.
c0000079
[SERIE] You pass.
c0000080
[door opens]
c0000081
Sense.
c0000082
My apologies.
c0000083
It does seem
we have a bumper crop.
c0000084
[SCHARF] I failed.
c0000085
Always next time, champ.
c0000086
[LAND] Stop following
me around.
c0000087
A whole three years, huh?
c0000088
I passed the test,
Mistress Frieren.
c0000089
[chuckles]
c0000090
Excellent job.
c0000091
Frieren.
c0000092
Who knows how far
I would've made it
c0000093
without you and your protege.
c0000094
Thanks to you,
I can finally visit
c0000095
a certain grave up north.
c0000096
Good.
c0000097
[STARK]
Come on, Fern.
c0000098
You gotta pick something.
c0000099
[FERN] Hmm?
c0000100
[FERN] I think I'd like--
[LAUFEN] I want these, Grandpa.
c0000101
-Hm.
c0000102
[chuckles]
c0000103
♪
c0000104
Eat up, everyone.
Don't be shy.
c0000105
When I was a lad,
I never got to indulge
c0000106
in sweet treats like these.
c0000107
Thank you very much, sir.
c0000108
♪
c0000109
[STARK] Am I missing something?
c0000110
♪
c0000111
Have a few, young man.
c0000112
Right.
c0000113
Appreciate it, old-timer.
c0000114
♪
c0000115
[STARK] Who's he?
c0000116
That's Mister Denken.
He's an Imperial Mage.
c0000117
Hm. Well, that sounds
awfully fancy.
c0000118
♪
c0000119
[gasps] Huh.
c0000120
You mean
the old timer's a noble?
c0000121
Oopsie.
c0000122
I'm sorry for speaking
to you so casually.
c0000123
Don't worry yourself.
c0000124
I came to this city as a mage
just like any other.
c0000125
[STARK] Sure, but you shouldn't
feel obliged
c0000126
to treat a stranger like me.
c0000127
Oh, please. I have no
better use for my money.
c0000128
Come on,
that can't be the truth.
c0000129
He's right. No family?
c0000130
[DENKEN] Hm?
c0000131
I wasn't blessed with
children or grandchildren.
c0000132
My wife passed away
when I was in my mid-twenties.
c0000133
The poor girl was sickly
from the day we met.
c0000134
Her father
was a frontier noble
c0000135
of the Northern Plateau
and had been defeated
c0000136
in a political dispute.
c0000137
Back in those days,
wealth and influence
c0000138
were two things
I desperately lacked.
c0000139
They also seemed
to be the only mechanisms
c0000140
by which I could save her.
c0000141
Soon, Serie established
c0000142
the Continental
Magic Association
c0000143
and began offering
the privilege.
c0000144
But it was too late.
c0000145
My wife had just passed.
c0000146
I had never felt
so powerless in my life.
c0000147
And now I have
all the power in the world.
c0000148
If only I could have been
for my beloved then
c0000149
who I have become today.
c0000150
-[DENKEN] Fern.
-Hm.
c0000151
In my life,
magic was reduced to a tool
c0000152
for resolving
political disputes.
c0000153
There is something I'd like
you to tell your master.
c0000154
That I had long forgotten
how joyful magic can be,
c0000155
but she gave me
a firm reminder.
c0000156
I've admired Frieren's deeds
in the party of heroes
c0000157
since I was a boy.
c0000158
I credit her
with my becoming a mage.
c0000159
Hm.
c0000160
You should tell her
that yourself.
c0000161
I'm certain she would
be happy to hear it.
c0000162
Perhaps you're right.
c0000163
I'll do that.
c0000164
[indistinct chatter]
c0000165
The magical city of AuBerst
did not disappoint.
c0000166
I found some
top-notch grimoires.
c0000167
-[clattering]
-Hm.
c0000168
[WIRBEL] Allow me.
c0000169
You want them
in the basket, right?
c0000170
[clattering]
c0000171
You would ignore the poor lady?
c0000172
Helping her did cross
my mind for a moment.
c0000173
Just a moment, huh?
c0000174
I'm surprised at you.
c0000175
I thought you were a member
of Himmel's party.
c0000176
You think there's a certain way
I should act, yes?
c0000177
Your actions have been
more surprising than mine.
c0000178
I heard that you tried
to kill Fern's party
c0000179
during the first test.
c0000180
Fern was quite upset.
c0000181
She said you'd kick a puppy
if it was in your way.
c0000182
[chuckles]
c0000183
Many folks would agree.
c0000184
All I did was threaten them.
c0000185
Though looking back, if I
had taken one of those lives,
c0000186
I might've been doing
the world a favor.
c0000187
There's no one I wouldn't kill
c0000188
to protect my village
and the people in it.
c0000189
The whole reason
I'm here is the privilege.
c0000190
I want to get my hands on
the most powerful spell I can.
c0000191
The demons already thought
c0000192
I was a force
to be reckoned with,
c0000193
but they haven't seen
anything yet.
c0000194
I protect, but I also try
to help when I can.
c0000195
Any place and anybody.
c0000196
My goal is to lighten the load
of people in need.
c0000197
[FRIEREN]
Why's that?
c0000198
Like countless others
born on the northern frontier,
c0000199
my childhood was dominated
by tales of Himmel the Hero.
c0000200
The conquest
of the Thousand-Mirror Tower.
c0000201
His battles against Bose
the Immortal.
c0000202
And the Hell Emperor Dragon.
c0000203
As a kid, I would sink my teeth
c0000204
into every adventure story
that made it my way.
c0000205
But the village elders
were never as interested
c0000206
in those stories
of swords as I was.
c0000207
They'd talk about
how he defeated
c0000208
the monsters that
attacked the village,
c0000209
or how he once guarded
some merchant,
c0000210
or how he helped
little old ladies
c0000211
carry their groceries.
c0000212
Those tales were
nothing significant.
c0000213
Just boring favors.
c0000214
That's what I thought, anyway.
c0000215
But when the elders
shared them,
c0000216
their eyes lit up bright,
c0000217
as thrilled
by these small deeds
c0000218
as I was by the great ones.
c0000219
After Himmel the Hero died
c0000220
and the remaining demons
started acting up,
c0000221
that's when
I finally understood.
c0000222
♪
c0000223
[WIRBEL] Sure enough,
the Thousand-Mirror Tower,
c0000224
Bose, the Hell Emperor Dragon,
c0000225
even the Demon King?
c0000226
None of them meant
as much as home.
c0000227
And home keeps
your hands too full
c0000228
to worry about
that kind of stuff.
c0000229
Thing is, if Himmel the Hero
hadn't visited my village,
c0000230
I doubt that my home
would still be around,
c0000231
whether he had
saved the world or not.
c0000232
Right.
And all that to say?
c0000233
That the small stuff
counts just as much!
c0000234
Himmel's less-exciting
adventures
c0000235
are what guided me here.
c0000236
♪
c0000237
[WIRBEL] It's really
nothing that complex.
c0000238
♪
c0000239
[WIRBEL] Guess I've been
chatting for too long.
c0000240
My party's ready
to hit the road,
c0000241
and they look impatient.
c0000242
Frieren.
c0000243
Always treasure
the people you meet.
c0000244
Death is far from this
lifetime's only goodbye.
c0000245
♪
c0000246
Then again,
I don't have to tell you that.
c0000247
♪
c0000248
[sheep bleating]
c0000249
Frieren. If we go one by one,
c0000250
isn't there some way you could
magic each of us across?
c0000251
Possibly, but then I'd be left
all alone on this side.
c0000252
[EISEN] Himmel.
c0000253
We should waste no time
in defeating the Demon King.
c0000254
What point is there
in helping people
c0000255
in such insignificant ways?
c0000256
[chuckles]
c0000257
[HIMMEL] They are
insignificant, I suppose.
c0000258
Deeds like these
will not change lives,
c0000259
let alone the world.
c0000260
But people need help,
c0000261
and I cannot turn my back
on those right in front of me.
c0000262
♪
c0000263
[thuds]
c0000264
[FRIEREN] Don't worry, Himmel.
c0000265
It turns out the world
was changed after all.
c0000266
[FERN] We're going to be
granted our privileges tonight,
c0000267
and apparently, we're each
allowed to bring guests.
c0000268
It's once in a lifetime.
c0000269
So we should all go.
c0000270
-Hm.
-Hm?
c0000271
[FERN] Goodness,
Mistress Frieren,
c0000272
don't look so excited.
c0000273
Huh? But I was told we were
allowed to bring guests.
c0000274
I'm terribly sorry, ma'am,
c0000275
but Miss Frieren
has been banned.
c0000276
Mistress Serie's orders.
c0000277
She's barred from all
Continental Magic
c0000278
Association facilities
for the next 1000 years.
c0000279
That's quite a steep punishment
when there wasn't a crime.
c0000280
It can't be helped.
c0000281
I've gotten on her bad side,
and that's where I'll stay.
c0000282
Serie is truly
the world's oldest child.
c0000283
It's not as if I came here
of my own accord, anyway.
c0000284
I shall wait outside.
c0000285
♪
c0000286
I may as well give her
some company.
c0000287
Hey!
c0000288
♪
c0000289
[bell rings]
c0000290
That's the evening bell.
c0000291
They'll be done receiving
their privileges before long.
c0000292
Yeah.
c0000293
She's a first-class mage now.
c0000294
That's a pinnacle
not even 50 mages
c0000295
in the whole world
have reached.
c0000296
Young Fern has grown so much.
c0000297
I have no doubt, in this era,
c0000298
Fern will become a mage
even more famous than me.
c0000299
[STARK] Frieren.
c0000300
That's a good thing.
c0000301
[chuckles] I agree.
c0000302
-[LERNEN] Miss Frieren.
-Hm.
c0000303
Who's he?
c0000304
He's one
of the Magic Association's men.
c0000305
My name is Lernen,
and I'm a first class-mage.
c0000306
A longtime student
of Mistress Serie.
c0000307
I am sorry for the trouble
my mistress has caused you.
c0000308
No worries there.
c0000309
She has behaved
just as I expected.
c0000310
Hm.
c0000311
Is something wrong, Frieren?
c0000312
[FRIEREN] The way
you're looking at me.
c0000313
You see the fluctuations
in my mana.
c0000314
You are tremendously skilled,
c0000315
but this peaceful era
doesn't suit you, does it?
c0000316
[LERNEN] Not in the slightest.
c0000317
I am an old-fashioned mage
c0000318
who knows painfully little
outside the realm of battle.
c0000319
Mistress Serie
often says the same.
c0000320
If only I'd been
born in the height
c0000321
of the Demon King's reign,
c0000322
my name would've been
written in history
c0000323
alongside the names of the rest
of you famous heroes.
c0000324
Perhaps.
c0000325
So what is it you want
from me, then?
c0000326
Out of all
Mistress Serie's students,
c0000327
there's only one
remembered today.
c0000328
Her very first apprentice,
c0000329
the legendary
Great Mage Flamme.
c0000330
It's no secret I am soon
to return to dust,
c0000331
and when I die,
so will some proof
c0000332
of my mistress's existence.
c0000333
I don't want her
to be alone in the future.
c0000334
So, I'll leave a legacy
to keep her company.
c0000335
Infamy must suffice,
as being the mage
c0000336
who killed
the legendary Frieren
c0000337
won't illicit kind remarks
from generations to come.
c0000338
♪
c0000339
[shattering]
c0000340
c0000341
[LERNEN] I request a duel,
c0000342
-Miss Frieren.
-[grunts]
c0000343
[FRIEREN] I am not
going to fight you.
c0000344
It's a waste of time.
c0000345
What a bother.
c0000346
Mages who only know
how to fight
c0000347
are simply horrid
at the softer things.
c0000348
There's really no need
for history to remember you.
c0000349
Serie will do
a fine job of that.
c0000350
♪
c0000351
One thing before I go.
c0000352
That small field of flowers
was conjured by magic.
c0000353
Yes, and your point is?
c0000354
That you used
my master's favorite spell.
c0000355
You told me that you
found it foolish and useless.
c0000356
♪
c0000357
I am not one to mince words.
Flamme was a failure.
c0000358
Despite her immense talent,
c0000359
she never reached my heights.
c0000360
I've taken on
many apprentices since,
c0000361
most of whom
followed a similar,
c0000362
disappointing trajectory.
c0000363
The failures that they were?
c0000364
I remember each and every one.
c0000365
I always choose
my students on a whim,
c0000366
yet their personalities
and favorite spells
c0000367
are carved into my mind.
c0000368
Frieren.
c0000369
As pitiful as most
proved to be,
c0000370
I've never regretted
taking them on.
c0000371
Even if they didn't become
the legends I foresaw.
c0000372
[FRIEREN] It's a pity
she can't tell her own students
c0000373
how she truly feels.
c0000374
She's ever the child
I thought she was.
c0000375
Hm. Mistress Frieren!
c0000376
I'm all done
receiving my privilege.
c0000377
Let's be off, then.
c0000378
[FERN] Goodness.
c0000379
How did you get
that wound on your shoulder?
c0000380
All that matters now
is getting it healed.
c0000381
Do you think there are
any churches open?
c0000382
We are horrid at
the softer things, aren't we?
c0000383
[LERNEN] That is true
of the both of us.
c0000384
-[all chuckle]
-Mister Stark!
c0000385
-What's today's mission?
-[ALL] Huh?
c0000386
[STARK] Sorry, kiddos.
c0000387
I'm afraid
I can't play this time.
c0000388
Hey, Stark!
c0000389
How 'bout some breakfast
on the house?
c0000390
Thanks, but I already ate.
c0000391
Mister Stark! Would you
like something to drink?
c0000392
[STARK] Sure, thank you.
c0000393
The path of the warrior is
a long and treacherous one.
c0000394
Walk it with care.
c0000395
Right.
c0000396
♪
c0000397
[FRIEREN] It's time to say
goodbye to AuBerst.
c0000398
Wow, Mister Stark.
c0000399
People love you
everywhere you go.
c0000400
Think so?
c0000401
By the way, Fern.
c0000402
What spell did you
end up asking for?
c0000403
Hm.
c0000404
c0000405
What, can you not tell?
c0000406
Your clothes are so clean
they look new.
c0000407
[sniffs]
c0000408
And there's a vaguely
floral smell about them.
c0000409
I can't believe it.
c0000410
It's a spell that
removes stains
c0000411
and cleans clothes
down to the stitch.
c0000412
It's going to make doing
laundry a breeze.
c0000413
So, Serie is a living grimoire
after all, then.
c0000414
You've won a legendary-level
cleaning spell
c0000415
from the era of mythology.
c0000416
Superb choice, Fern.
c0000417
[excited]
c0000418
There is no doubt
you're my apprentice.
c0000419
♪
c0000420
That's for sure.
Not one bit.
c0000421
Mistress Serie didn't seem
c0000422
quite as happy
with my selection, though.
c0000423
Are you out of your mind?
c0000424
[FRIEREN] I believe it.
Serves her right.
c0000425
[KANNE] Oh! They're here.
c0000426
Frieren!
c0000427
We just wanted
to say thank you.
c0000428
We may not have been
fully prepared
c0000429
this time around,
but we have three years
c0000430
to train for the next one.
c0000431
Sure. Good to hear.
c0000432
Thanks for the fun.
c0000433
Safe travels.
c0000434
[FRIEREN]
I'll see you later.
c0000435
[KANNE]
Right. See you!
c0000436
♪
c0000437
[FERN] You kept that farewell
rather short and simple,
c0000438
just like you did with Sein.
c0000439
[STARK] And with Kraft.
c0000440
♪
c0000441
[FRIEREN] It's funny, Himmel.
c0000442
You always bid
such quick goodbyes.
c0000443
And that's strange?
c0000444
[EISEN] Eh, it's more like
a break in character.
c0000445
It may have just
been a side job,
c0000446
but we spent two weeks
traveling with him.
c0000447
[HEITER] Think of all
the laughs we shared.
c0000448
We drank with the fellow
practically every night.
c0000449
-[FRIEREN] You corrupt priest.
-[chuckles] You have a point.
c0000450
But I'm not retiring soon,
c0000451
and I'm sure
our paths will cross
c0000452
somewhere down the line.
c0000453
I don't think
a tearful farewell
c0000454
would suit us anyway.
c0000455
And besides,
c0000456
it would be embarrassing
when we met again.
c0000457
[chuckles]
c0000458
It would be embarrassing
when we met again.
c0000459
[STARK] Huh?
[FERN] Huh?
c0000460
[FERN] What is that
supposed to mean?